hey guys ah today's video is going to be
a package swap video I've done one in
the idol a while ago the beginning of
this year when a lovely blogger cool
nestle and today I have a package swap
with another blogger babe Joanne love
and yes I saw me you may know her if you
guys don't then I'm leaving a link to
her blog and YouTube channel down below
so i'm going to show you guys what she
sent me and i will leave a link of her
video i think it's coming out tomorrow
of what i said to her so yeah thank you
um within the package seaside to be a
really cool letter and it just explains
a little bit more of the pieces that she
picked up for me now i'm going to start
from the top and work my way down and so
the first thing that's mentioned on here
is the motel rocks swimsuit so package
we go through our open here and i
absolutely love motel rocks it's really
awesome that I she sent me this seat
because I've been wanting this for a
while now like you guys know that I have
addressed in this print and i think i
have a cropped long flew as well and
yeah so it's just the Sun mean print and
it's just a sensor in a little time form
and oh I really also love motor rocks
yeah i'm just really you know i find it
really awesome that we kind of like
share the same taste in rounds as well
Emily we live so far away and yeah it
has like a really low scoot back which
is like absolutely perfect and
definitely gonna wear this but like even
high waisted mom jeans or like
high-waisted leather shorts I think that
will look really cool and this is also
available on her online straw as well i
will link leave early flight down below
as well for you guys to check out next
we have french to me muscle tank and it
is from enter utopia and the person who
i use this just
printing all by herself and not it's
just so bloody cute and it just says
part of my French on it and like I you
know I know within azteca she's like
thought about Dexter as well and I'll
show you why in a sec but it's just just
ask me you're so so sweet and yeah so it
has the Utopia thing at the back and
it's just a really cute crop yeah i just
love you too everything frenchie and it
does kind of look like dexter so which
is a massive boner and yeah so I saw the
other day actually I think yesterday
Sammy beautycrush actually got herself
one of these as well so yeah team French
next we had some licks makeup came on
this lovely cute pouch here and I have
never tried next makeup before just
because I don't really know where to get
it from in the UK but you know from all
the beauty bloggers I've heard that it's
a massive like cool ass brand so this is
sort of stuff that she sent me she sent
me a lip liner and it's in kind of like
a no looking nude but it's not new but
it's like a rose gold I guess sorry I
should probably swatch like this it's
like a rose gold kind of metallic II
licking look by now which is really cool
I haven't really seen a kind of like
this before so I'm gonna be on a hunt
for a color that similar to this she
also sent me the liquid crystal liner
and kinda like a blue turquoise color
which is really awesome I don't actually
have anything like this and I haven't
worn glitter liquid eyeliner since I was
like 12 or 13 so I thought it'd be
really cool to like experiment and with
Halloween coming up I can work on
different Halloween looks she also sent
me the soft matte lip cream um I think
just got with a lip gloss yep but it
looks it looks quite thick this looks
cool I think you're honest this and this
lip liner might work together because it
kind of complements each other it's not
that much of a big difference so I might
try that out for you guys but it's a
really gorgeous
other I have a lipstick in this shade
but I think even to put this on top of
the lipstick on its iron with a little
bit of X no gloss and shine look very
cool and last but not least it is butter
gloss I'm guessing that ears lip gloss
and it's in kind of a dark powerful and
it actually goes on right now is the day
so ya might well this out tomorrow I
want to go next thing it is an IRA but
she sent me but I left in all his car
because I upper lip yeah so it's just a
little iring i will put on my Instagram
when i get the next thing which i
thought was the cutest thing she got me
treats for dexter and yeah so there's
otherwise amazing smelling treats our if
i didn't know that they were dog treats
i would have be eating them they are
pumpkin and berry flavor and they smell
like gluten muffins dexter like
absolutely love these as you can tell i
believe there's not many left in here
like when I go out to America again I'm
going to try and find these and bring a
couple back like seriously even Ollie
was like you if you didn't know dog
treats he would've believed them as well
it's kind of making me want like a
blueberry muffin right now the last
thing she sent me is from Tammy tattoos
and these are some like fun um wanted me
to play around with it would be really
cool for me and my sister so sick I
won't play around with them again I
haven't used yet just because I wanted
to wake sure you guys but these are kind
of like really cool and a little tough
do things so we've got no ice lollies we
have like in the village area with
divers speakers and then we have um
think so it's all your besties which I
thought it'd be really cute for me and
my sister to do and we have I think it's
a 100-dollar bill yeah and yeah so it's
wrong tatli tattoos I will leave a link
to them down to those well I think these
will be a really cute
little presents for like your best
friend or your sister so definitely how
much try these up with my sister yes so
that's it this is only the package and
I'm so so grateful thank you so much you
on and yeah I just want to say a massive
thank you to you you'd be you know a
supporter of my blog for very long time
and I love how she you know stars on her
clothing as well and yeah so it was
really cool to kind of be able to do
this and correct on a different level so
maybe in the future if we really really
cool to meet up with you and maybe do
club video well yeah we working on that
and i want to say massive thank you I ya
say nothing guys that's my videos wap
and i will be back next week bye